TINY-9271: Add 'ToggleToolbarDrawer' event (#8238)
tinymce/tinymce: modules/alloy/CHANGELOG.md

## Unreleased

> ### Added

Reviewer: This doesn't look like an `alloy` change? I suspect this was meant for the TinyMCE changelog as we're missing a changelog there. We'd then still need one here for the `onToggled` callback added.

- [ ] Make sure an appropriate changelog exists for `alloy` and `tinymce`

> - Added `onToggled` event for `SplitFloatingToolbar` and `SplitSlidingToolbar` components. #TINY-9271

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Added the `onToggled` callback for `SplitFloatingToolbar` and `SplitSlidingToolbar` components. #TINY-9271
```
Just correcting the terminology here is no event here that's fired, it's a callback.

Author: Updated the changelog [here](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/pull/8238/commits/2d3044613f2f55c8065be436df1a284376972b91)

> - Added the `onToggled` callback for `SplitFloatingToolbar` and `SplitSlidingToolbar` components. #TINY-9271

Reviewer 2: I don't think is accurate any more. It seems more like the FloatingToolbar added onOpened and onClosed, and the FloatingToolbarButton added an onToggled

Author: Updated the changelog [here](https://github.com/tinymce/tinymce/pull/8238/commits/521c870d2e05af4fae59b2dd1a3c66cd80715894)
